[17.0][ADD] sale_multi_template_application: new module to allow applying multiple templates to a sale order (#3502)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_multi_template_application/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module allows multiple templates to be applied to the same sale order, keeping the existing order lines without deleting the previous ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows multiple templates to be applied to the same sales order, keeping the existing order lines without deleting the previous ones.

For consistency, the template field is emptied for not keeping the order linked to a possible partial template.
```
